Lexy Van de Kieft
Ms. Tanzosh
Computer Science-Period 4

    Working on arrays was actually a very simple process, which I did not expect it to be. In computer science I have found that
usually the program that requires less actual code requires much more logic. There tends to be a shorter, more intellectual method
and a longer but more straightforward and repetitive code. Using arrays to create bubbles was actually very easy and so much more
efficient than using objects, which I had done in the Bubbles Mini Challenge. With objects, I had to write about 5 lines of code for
each bubble giving the specification. Hence, trying to create 100 would be very tedious. The use of arrays was very advantageous because
it only required about 15 lines of code total, and the number of bubbles produced (along with any other property) can be changed in
a few seconds.
    The algorithm I used for bubbles consisted of the usual setup and draw functions. Inside of the setup function I had a for loop.
Each bubble created had a random x and y value and color within the limits I set. I set the size of the bubbles as a variable at the
beginning of the code, so all of the bubbles were the same size. In the draw function I created another for loop which gave each bubble
its ellipse shape, filled in color property and the ability to move a certain amount to create a jiggling effect.
    One struggle I faced while working on the program involved actually running the program. I was confident in the code, but when I
went to see the result, my code kept popping up instead of the canvas. After trying lots of different techniques, I tried to look at
what was different between my original sketch.js file (which was working) and this one. After playing around a little bit more I realized
that the index.html file was accessing the old source and not the new one. After changing the source, my program worked!
    Overall, I really enjoyed working on Arrays of Bubbles, and it really helped me to get more acclimated with using P5.